[TF-1899] Adding on-demand-assessment docs (#286)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/health.mdx

- To view health status for a workspace, you need read access to that workspace.
- To change organization health settings, you must be an [organization owner](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#organization-owners).
- To change a workspace’s health settings, you must be an [administrator for that workspace](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#workspace-admins).

> - To view [on demand assessments](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/health#on-demand-assessments) for a workspace, you must be an [administrator for that workspace](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#workspace-admins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To trigger [on demand assessments](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/health#on-demand-assessments) for a workspace, you must be an [administrator for that workspace](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#workspace-admins).
```

if this is correct?

Health assessments may take longer to complete when you enable health assessments in many workspaces at once or your workspace contains a complex configuration with many resources.

### On Demand Assessments

> If you are an administrator for the workspace, you should see a **Start health assessment** button on the Health pages with Ready status if you have all your [workspace requirements](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/health#workspace-requirements) are satisfied. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are an administrator for the workspace and all [workspace requirements](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/health#workspace-requirements) are satisfied, a **Start health assessment** button is available on the Health pages with Ready status.
```

>   ![On Demand Assessments Screenshot: Copy generated token](/img/docs/on-demand-assessments.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ![On Demand Assessments Screenshot: Start health assessment button](/img/docs/on-demand-assessments.png)
```

>   ![On Demand Assessments Screenshot: Copy generated token](/img/docs/on-demand-assessments.png)

Reviewer 3: The screenshot is a great addition! It might be helpful to show the button within the full-page context.

> 

Reviewer 3: Should we talk mention the helper text at all?

Also, we might want to add a blurb about expectations after clicking the button.
Something like.
"If the call to assess is successful, the assessment will begin. Based on factors like the size of the workspace and network latency, the assessment could take several minutes."

Author: By helper text you mean the toasts and error messages?

Good point about explaining the next steps.

Reviewer 3: > By helper text you mean the toasts and error messages?

Yep. it. could be as simple as noting that there will be a box with messages about why you might not be able to kick off an on-demand assessment. It doesn't need to be in-depth, just a little something to make sure people know what to look for.

Reviewer: what does "if the call to assess is successful"? in which cases would it not be? 

also - is there any throttling on how often a user can kick off one of these assessments?

Author: If the user is able to click the button and the assessments were successfully triggered on the backend, they will see a toast like this -
![success](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18754820/224110936-020be955-9666-421c-b476-345ca1653fdf.png)

However, due to some reason after the button click, we are not able to trigger assessments there will be an error toast shown to the users. The reasons for blocking are surfaced on the UI in the following call to workspace endpoint. 
<img width="1920" alt="error" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18754820/224110993-48e11559-7cfd-4184-8e66-5fdd299540a4.png">

There is no throttling added on the endpoint right now since we have limited this to a browser-only calls. And the "Start health assessment" button is disabled once you click the button until the assessment completes.

Reviewer: we want to include only absolutely necessary screenshots to the documentation since it increases maintenance burden for every UI change. i've added some rephrases and questions that will make the documentation itself clear to the user.

Health assessments may take longer to complete when you enable health assessments in many workspaces at once or your workspace contains a complex configuration with many resources.

### On Demand Assessments

> If you are an administrator for the workspace and all [workspace requirements](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/health#workspace-requirements) are satisfied, a **Start health assessment** button is available on the Health pages with Ready status.

Reviewer: i'd like to rephrase this first sentence a little bit, but a few clarifying questions first -- 
- will the button not be visible at all if the workspace doesnt satisfy requirements, or just wont be clickable?
- what do we mean by "with ready status"?

Author: There can be multiple reasons based on the requirements why the button wont be clickable. 
<img width="701" alt="Screenshot 2023-03-09 at 9 36 16 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18754820/224109795-0633c9b6-c864-4177-aea4-2ddd7c5d724c.png">
These are the different states the button will be in -
<img width="419" alt="Screenshot 2023-03-09 at 9 34 28 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18754820/224110110-c97dda4c-bc6e-4735-bdfc-753705913977.png">

I was not sure how much of these details we want on the docs especially since this is not a "public" endpoint.

Health assessments may take longer to complete when you enable health assessments in many workspaces at once or your workspace contains a complex configuration with many resources.

> ### On Demand Assessments

Reviewer: i believe this section should be wrapped in exclusion tags

> -> **Note:** On Demand Assessments are only available through browser sessions. If the workspace requirements are not satisfied, you should see one or more error messages on the page indicating the blockers to enable health assessments. The button will be disabled until the requirements are satisfied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** On demand assessments are only available in the Terraform Cloud web UI. You can only trigger an on demand assessment if the workspace satisfies all assessment prerequisites.
```

can we say web UI instead of browser sessions? also simplified the language a little bit.

Author: yes I think Web UI should be fine.

> If you are an administrator for the workspace and all [workspace requirements](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/health#workspace-requirements) are satisfied, a **Start health assessment** button is available on the Health pages with Ready status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are an administrator for a workspace and it satisfies all [assessment requirements](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/health#workspace-requirements), you can trigger a new assessment by clicking **Start health assessment** on the workspace's **Health** page.
```

>   ![On Demand Assessments Screenshot: Start health assessment button](/img/docs/on-demand-assessments.png)

Reviewer: looking at the UI, i think we can remove this screenshot since the button is prominent enough.

> You should see a success or error message box in the left-bottom corner of the page, after clicking the button to indicate if the assessment was triggered. The button will be disabled when the assessments are in progress indicating the status. 
> Based on factors like the size of the workspace and network latency, the assessment could take several minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click the assessment button, the workspace displays a message in the bottom lefthand corner of the page to indicate if it successfully triggered a new assessment. The time it takes to complete an assessment depends can vary based on network latency and the number of resources managed by the workspace. While an assessment is an progress, you cannot trigger another assessment.
```

could you also clarify:
- can a user trigger another assessment immediately after, or if there's a cooldown period?
- does this reset the clock for automatic assessments?

Author: The user can trigger an assessment as soon as the "Start health assessment" button is enabled. It will be disabled until the "Assessment in progress" status is displayed alongside. So within a few minutes or more, depending on the backend queue to process assessments, users can trigger another assessment "immediately". 

No this will not affect the automatic assessments schedule.

Health assessments may take longer to complete when you enable health assessments in many workspaces at once or your workspace contains a complex configuration with many resources.

<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:health-assessments -->
### On Demand Assessments

> -> **Note:** On demand assessments are only available in the Terraform Cloud web UI. You can only trigger an on demand assessment if the workspace satisfies all assessment prerequisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** On demand assessments are only available in the Terraform Cloud web UI.
```

opting to remove the extra line since we say essentially exactly that in the next paragraph!

If you are an administrator for a workspace and it satisfies all [assessment requirements](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/health#workspace-requirements), you can trigger a new assessment by clicking **Start health assessment** on the workspace's **Health** page.

> When you click the assessment button, the workspace displays a message in the bottom lefthand corner of the page to indicate if it successfully triggered a new assessment. The time it takes to complete an assessment can vary based on network latency and the number of resources managed by the workspace. While an assessment is in progress, you cannot trigger another assessment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click the **Start health assessment** button, the workspace displays a message in the bottom lefthand corner of the page to indicate if it successfully triggered a new assessment. The time it takes to complete an assessment can vary based on network latency and the number of resources managed by the workspace. 

While an assessment is in progress, you cannot trigger another assessment. An On demand assessment resets the scheduling for automated assessments, so the next automated assessment will run in 24 hours. 
```

> When you click the assessment button, the workspace displays a message in the bottom lefthand corner of the page to indicate if it successfully triggered a new assessment. The time it takes to complete an assessment depends can vary based on network latency and the number of resources managed by the workspace. While an assessment is an progress, you cannot trigger another assessment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you click the assessment button, the workspace displays a message in the bottom lefthand corner of the page to indicate if it successfully triggered a new assessment. The time it takes to complete an assessment can vary based on network latency and the number of resources managed by the workspace. While an assessment is in progress, you cannot trigger another assessment.
```
